ent_user: AUTOLAB_DESCRIPTOR
ARCHIVED_PHYSICAL_PRE

Cursed energy: 

A very limited resource, stemming from humans. Functionally, exists as highly entropic kinetic energy (Re: Innacurate. Revise later). Destructive in nature. 

Closely tied to the physical brain and gut. Speculated link to the soul. 

Entry 1: (Digitalization note: Chana) I need this stuff to survive. Gabriel (Digitalization note: Scrawled over) Dad has been getting people for me, cause the monsters don't work. 

Entry 2: (Digitalization note: Chana) A man has come into contact with dad. He says he's here to help. He gave me something wrapped in bandages. Maybe it'll help. It hurts a lot when I go hungry. 

(Digitalization note: Journal entries lost. 3-27)

Entry 28: Advancement in development of cursed object creation is steady. Unwilling people can be turned, now. They behave differently, however. They are opposed to the procedure. 

I've noticed: 

 - Screaming
 - Crying
 - Bargaining
 - Physical resistance 

Note: Research anomalous behavior later. I will request the man with stitches facilitate the cursed objects for the time being. The emotional responses subjects show seem to have a negative effect on my behavior. Dad says it's fine to call it a cognitive thing, but I don't really have a brain like the ones I saw the bodies had.

(Digitalization note: Journal entries lost. 29-66)

Entry 67: I've escaped twice now. It's really different out there. People behave in a way much different to father, and the man. They eat, in the same manner I consume cursed objects. 

(Digitalization note: Journal entries lost. 68- 290)

Entry 291: I knew bringing my journal when sneaking out was a good idea. I met a girl today. 

(Digitalization note: Journal entries lost. 292-304) 

Entry 305: Father contacted the man in stitches. They turned Elizabeth into a cursed object. High cursed energy. 

(Digitalization note: Journal entries lost. 305-334)

Entry 335: Ocular implants seem faulty lately. Repeated instances. I'll have to check for leakage. Father said it's definitely wrong to happen.

(Digitalization note: Journal entries lost. 335-787) 

Entry 788: Fuck. I still can't figure it out. Administering alcohol until unconsciousness helps, but it is ineffective and messy. An extract from seaweed worked pretty well. Methane Trichloryde. 67-66-3. It seemed painless. But I can't find enough, and father doesn't want to help. I can't keep doing this. I'm having nightmares. 

I don't even know why I'm trying this. It's stupid. I should just listen to dad and make the whole thing more efficient. I'm not even the same kind as them, right?

(Digitalization note: Journal entries lost. 789-3144) 

(Digitalization note: Severely compromised. Entry torn. Most pieces lost) 

(Digitalization note: Physical entries completed) 

entry_3145: Digitalization at last. Most of the entries actually relating to harvesting cursed energy are lost. I don't care at this point. Probably just gonna let dad or the Autolab handle the rest of the logging. I don't even care anymore. I just need cursed energy. I need to get someone. Anyone. I don't care who.

AUTOLAB_Addendum: 284 days since last user: (Chana)'s login. Severe cursed energy absence. Self termination attempt log under: (ERRMAC_REDACTED).txt. Unsuccessful.
